hey everyone welcome back to Ross energy
TV I'm so happy I just got back from the
farmers market got a ton of great stuff
today it's summer fruits are just
amazing right now and haven't done a
video like this in quite a while and so
I thought I would make one and share
everything I got with you today so I got
a bunch of watermelon today watermelon
season and watermelons are so crisp and
juicy and very sweet right now but one
thing that I wanted to share with you
sometimes you get a watermelon that the
texture is not really that great it
might be kind of funky inside and the
taste may just be sort of mild and not
quite as sweet and it's kind of hard to
enjoy a watermelon that's not like
really crisp and really sweet but my
friend steph shared a great tip with me
that i've been using when i get a
watermelon that's not so great and what
you do is just throw the inside of the
watermelon in a blender and blend it up
really good and it somehow transforms
the mediocre watermelon into a really
great refreshing watermelon drink and i
was skeptical about trying it but it
actually it really works and I've
actually been even doing it with good
watermelon just because it's so
refreshing right now and especially
because it's so easy to take on the go
in a really big container or I'll take
several large containers and just load
them up with watermelon juice and it's
really great too because you get all the
fiber so it just makes a really great
watermelon blend so I definitely
trying that out if ever you get a subpar
watermelon it really does help to not
have it go to waste so definitely try
that out I got some celery got a couple
good bunches of celery and figs figs are
in season right now I'm so excited and I
love pigs I got a bunch of really good
juicy ripe figs which are so great I got
a couple heads of romaine really really
good and I got a ton of tomatoes
tomatoes are in season right now and
they taste amazing they taste like candy
and my husband eats a lot of these and
so I gotta time this whole bowl full of
tomatoes here and a bunch of other
tomatoes just that are still ripening
and just getting so so sweet nectarines
nectarines are so good these are the
white ones I got white and yellow
nectarines they're super sweet so good I
got grapes really really good grapes
it's grape season now I'm so excited
that these are so beautiful so they're
really sweet and juicy and I'm using my
produce bags I love my produce bags
definitely check these out on my website
if you're interested on Ross energy com
reusable bags are the best so much
better than plastic I take them with me
everywhere I go whenever I go shopping
gotta do the reusable bags so definitely
got the produce bags they last forever
and they're so great mangoes mangoes are
so good right now I got these at the
health food store and they're super
sweet really really smooth and juicy
inside they're sweet and a little bit of
a tart taste once in a while and they're
just so good and pretty soon actually
next week the California keep mangoes
are going to be available and I am so
excited because those are huge and they
taste so good so I'm really excited
about that also got my favorite
cucumbers these are the Persian
cucumbers and they are so good they're
really crisp and salty and juicy and the
skins are really thin on them so it
makes it really easy to eat the skins
and they're just amazing so my husband
can eat a lot of citrus so he likes
citrus in his salads and i got these
golden nugget tangerines at the farmers
market i got a big bag full for him and
he loves these and these are really
really good i got red bell peppers red
bell peppers are super sweet crunchy
that add great flavor to so many things
especially when you're making something
savory and hear me and i've been
stocking up on bananas my favorite
bananas are the grow brand or grateful
harvest they ripen so beautifully
they're super creamy and sweet and
they're not dry or anything like
sometimes bananas are really choppy but
these bananas are fantastic they're fair
trade bananas which I love I never
really used to be a big banana person
but once I try these bananas I got
hooked so fair trade bananas even if you
don't find this particular brand fair
trade bananas really taste so much
better there's something about them so
anytime you get the opportunity to try a
fair trade banana definitely give them
try so there are so much more amazing
stuff available at the farmers market
and they usually have something some new
fun variety of something every single
week and it's always so great to get out
to local farmers markets and buy locally
grown produce and get this stuff that's
organic so the other thing that I want
to share with you guys is that when you
go to the farmers market I want you to
know that not everybody is organic I
used to assume in the very beginning
when I very first started going to the
farmers market that everybody was
organic that nobody used sprays or
pesticides and everything was like
really safe to eat and it's really
important to make sure and ask the
people that you're buying from are you
organic do you use sprays or pesticides
one of the farmers told me not too long
ago that even though people say that
they don't use sprays or pesticides that
they do use those chemical fertilizers
so it's just something to be aware of
trying to buy everything from people
that I know don't use fertilizers and I
definitely don't ever buy from anybody
who uses sprays or pesticides that's
really a big thing on my list not to buy
especially greens like lettuce or
strawberries be sure to check online for
the Dirty Dozen I'll put the website to
check out the best produce to buy
conventionally and the worst by
conventionally give a great list of all
the foods that you should buy organic
when possible because there are certain
foods that are more heavily sprayed like
strawberries so be sure to check that
list out and I'll make sure it's
available for you here just be sure when
you're shopping at the farmers market to
ask the people that you're buying from
what they're putting on their produce
and after a while you'll eventually know
who uses what where to shop
often who to buy from and who not to buy
from and just be really careful about
that so that's it for this edition of
raw synergy TV thanks for watching
thanks for subscribing and adding me as
a friend and I'll see you next time